[Term Entry] Lua math function .max() (#3576)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/mathematical-library/terms/max/max.md

---
Title: 'max()'
Description: 'Used to return the maximum value among a set of numerical input values.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Math'
  - 'Numbers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

Lua's **`math.max()`** function is a standard function that is a part of the `math` library, and it is the best solution for determining the maximum value from a list of numerical inputs, regardless of the number of values in this list. Whether the task is just simple arithmetic or a complex mathematical algorithm, `math.max()` is a versatile and fundamental helper function for a variety of cases.

> **Note:** `math.min()` is the opposing function, which will return the minimum value among a set of numerical values.

## Syntax

Since `max()` is a method from Lua's library `math`,  it is called as `math.max()`.

```pseudo

> math.max(value1, value2, value3, .....) -- Returns the maximum value among the input numerical values.
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
math.max(value1, value2, value3, .....)
```

`math.max()` returns the maximum value among the input numerical values.

````
Prefer the explanatory text outside the code block.

---
Title: 'max()'
Description: 'Used to return the maximum value among a set of numerical input values.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Math'
  - 'Numbers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Lua's **`math.max()`** function is a standard function that is a part of the `math` library, and it is also the number-one solution for determining the maximum value from a list of numerical inputs, regardless of the number of values in this list. Whether you're working on a simple arithmetic operation or even a complex mathematical algorithm or data analysis, **`math.max()`** will be a versatile and fundamental helper function for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lua's **`math.max()`** function is a standard function that is a part of the `math` library, and it is the best solution for determining the maximum value from a list of numerical inputs, regardless of the number of values in this list. Whether the task is just simple arithmetic or a complex mathematical algorithm, `math.max()` is a versatile and fundamental helper function for a variety of cases.
```

Reviewer 2: docs content refrains from using first and second person pronouns (I you we). Additionally, boldface is only used on the first instance of the function

> **`math.max()`** is a valuable asset in any program that requires identifying a peak value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Syntax

> Since `max()` is a method from Lua's library `math`,  it is called as `math.max()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `max()` is a method from Lua's library `math`, it is called as `math.max()`.
```
You need to make this change in order for us to merge.

Reviewer: @Khalid-debugg also, after making this change make sure the branch is up-to-date with main.

> > **Note:** `math.max()` is the opposite functionality of the `math.min()` which is responisble for returning the minimum value among a set of numerical values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `math.min()` is the opposing function, which will return the minimum value among a set of numerical values.
```

> Since `max()` is a method from Lua's library `math`, therefore it is called `math.max()`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since `max()` is a method from Lua's library `math`,  it is called as `math.max()`.
```

```pseudo
math.max(value1, value2, value3, .....) -- Returns the maximum value among the input numerical values.
```

## Example 1

To find the highest value among three variables:

```lua
a = 22
b = 23
c = 24
print(math.max(a,b,c))
```

This results in the following output:

```shell
24
```

## Example 2

> Even by comparing two equal values it still returns one of them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a comparison of two equal values the function will still return a single number:
```
